How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    All the differences between the two files were shown in the prompt and you could clearly see them.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You probably could be able to find the mistake or just change the file for your solution.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    This makes cooperation between developers easier.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Maybe because you need all the files to make your app/website work correctly.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Cause you can always pull the previous version of the file.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I wanna create some mf apps.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

		I will be able to work with the team, so that I won't mess up anything.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

		You can have a clearer understanding of your project and btw it'll be easier to make changes to ur project.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

		Because when you have to deal with an app, you have to use different files in order for the app to work.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

		You can look through all the commits using git log and then compare two different versions of the file using git diff.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

		You can always return to the previous version or compare the 'broken' commit with the previous one and change it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

		I wanna try to make an app using version controls.
